Docs: Switch code distinction to JSX & Plain (#37348)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/contributors/documentation/README.md

The code example in markdown should be wrapped in three tick marks \`\`\` and should additionally include a language specifier. See this [GitHub documentation around fenced code blocks](https://help.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/creating-and-highlighting-code-blocks).

A unique feature to the Gutenberg documentation is the `codetabs` toggle, this allows two versions of code to be shown at once. This is used for showing both `JSX` and `Plain` code samples. For example, [on this block tutorial page](/docs/how-to-guides/block-tutorial/block-controls-toolbar-and-sidebar.md).

Here is an example `codetabs` section:

````md
    \{\% codetabs \%\}
    \{\% JSX \%\}
    ```js
    // JSX code here
    ```
    \{\% Plain \%\}
    ```js
    // Plain code here
    ```
    \{\% end \%\}
````

The preferred format for code examples is JSX, this should be the default view. The example placed first in source will be shown as the default.

> **Note:** It is not required to include plain JavaScript code examples for every guide. The recommendation is to include plain code for beginner tutorials, or short examples; but the majority of code in Gutenberg packages and across the larger React and JavaScript ecosystem are in JSX that require builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** It is not required to include plain JavaScript code examples for every guide. The recommendation is to include plain code for beginner tutorials or short examples, but the majority of code in Gutenberg packages and across the larger React and JavaScript ecosystem are in JSX that requires a build process.
```
